After receiving her B.Sc. Physics (Honors) and M.Sc. Physics from the University of Delhi (India), Jasneet did her Ph.D. in experimental physics from the Eternal University (India) to study the diluted magnetic semiconductors for spintronics applications. During her Ph.D., she was a visiting research scholar at the National Physics Laboratory and at the University of Delhi in India. After graduation in 2014, she was selected as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Naples (Italy) to work on two-dimensional materials, such as graphene and transition metal dichalcogenides: synthesis, functionalization, and characterization. In Italy, she worked for 3 years on interdisciplinary projects and collaborated with the teams of physicists, chemists, biotechnologists, and medical doctors to study biological interactions of 2D materials with human cells and bacteria, which led to investigating intriguing antimicrobial action of 2D materials. In 2018, Jasneet moved to Toronto, Canada and worked at Toronto Metropolitan University (TMU) as a Mitacs Elevate Postdoctoral Researcher. She explored the potential of 2D hexagonal boron nitrides for energy conversion and storage devices, collaborated with DLR institute (Germany) and various Canadian researchers at the University of Toronto, INRS, Quebec and University of Montreal. In Toronto, she also collaborated with industrial partners to design and synthesize novel antimicrobial materials and applied to food packaging and antimicrobial coatings.

She started her independent research career at the Brock University in July 2021 as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Physics and cross-appointed in the Yousef Haj-Ahmad Department of Engineering. Her current research interests include the synthesis and surface engineering of 2D materials, studying physical and chemical properties of 2D materials, utilizing these materials to create multifunctional composites for clean energy storage and conversion technologies and environmental remediation applications.
